master: update TiCDC Debezium DDL, WATERMARK support (#23470)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-debezium.md

# TiCDC Debezium Protocol

> [Debezium](https://debezium.io/) is a tool for capturing database changes. It converts each captured database change into a message called an "event" and sends these events to Kafka. Starting from v8.0.0, TiCDC supports sending TiDB changes to Kafka using a Debezium style output format, simplifying migration from MySQL databases for users who had previously been using Debezium's MySQL integration. In the [TiCDC new architecture](/ticdc/ticdc-architecture.md), TiCDC supports DDL events and WATERMARK events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Debezium](https://debezium.io/) is a tool for capturing database changes. It converts each captured database change into a message called an "event" and sends these events to Kafka. Starting from v8.0.0, TiCDC supports sending TiDB changes to Kafka using a Debezium style output format, simplifying migration from MySQL databases for users who had previously been using Debezium's MySQL integration. Starting from [TiCDC v8.5.4-release.1](https://github.com/pingcap/ticdc/releases/tag/v8.5.4-release.1) ([TiCDC new architecture](/ticdc/ticdc-architecture.md)) and v9.0.0, TiCDC supports DDL events and WATERMARK events.
```
